Prepare KEB for CN region (#850)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/README.md

* [Cleaning and Archiving](./contributor/08-10-cleaning-and-archiving.md)

You can also read about:  

> * [Event Data Platform Tools](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker/blob/main/utils/edp-registrator/README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Event Data Platform Tools](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker/blob/main/utils/edp-registrator/README.md)
```

> * [Installing KEB in CN region](../resources/cn/cn.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Install KEB in the CN Region](../resources/cn/cn.md)
```
